Hello and welcome to 1 6 bn
in today
Light Hohmann tutorial powerful
show how we Roth we little
now have imported pictures and then the rest No what to do
mainly I want to focus on topics here
set to brightness and white balance
Percent, as most people already know, I mainly take pictures in the break
format
that means percent similar
that usually no corn spawning the camera in court leaves it all up
to stand automatic
and percent next to the white balance
Lie to me
Farmer
Here I photograph UBS with
Specify percent in small intent
Blitz Forint
it beeps
Felix
Per cent, however, the mistress Klein little falsified that is to order with
this essay on the flash
Although I can not get one more percent than if I were completely normal without
this essay places
Percent that is such a sum of milk glass
However, in order to find I essentially find Bernauer form essential
Domra light color and I have to do this now and Lightroom
still adapt
how to calculate there again Red
yes I have here now an example picture of the world percent that you
photographed last weekend
This has been the case that you see all the allegations are
Picture book a little too dark, but because the SOPLEX from that too and a bit
Liechti
swallows
and here I just want to show how I act so out
do the picture
a little bit on not so much whether that percent is too bright
now
give in the light liveliness reclaim even a little bit high
by percent the woman has something more to satisfy
and those clarity controllers I can now very nice a fitting
on which left Danzer push it is drawn relatively soft
and continue to the right here
Per cent, what do you have such a very small percent less the impression that it is
Picture sharpness moved in the midst of contrast is raised
Jan Little a little the
Brightness maybe still we can see that looks pretty good
now
because only women are not
that is, the brightness percent already fits here
and I choose yours with them now
Rehklau with these little ones would have with this little point
one
Crown area I know that the background of her the wallpapers the boys
save the reason
to have been white
so you can get out of the field i can also down here this way
Korte TuS printed on white paper use
I
who is curious now the background
and just click with the eyedropper automatically the colors are
now been adapted
you can see it up here
the percentages have been adjusted in advance to the bratwurst
I had here before
a color temperature of 5800
Calvi Ben and now I have 4850 here
Percent Kelly in Tarsus is more in the blue direction than in the cooler one
Percentages have been trained
and so I have here again
relative
Normally, the picture looks the brightness which I still a bit one
noticeable something else
the pass in the background a bit more getting through
and so powerful the picture is left
rips
Here I have for this picture
DM
contrast
adjusted the white balance the brightness
and I could get up now
more pictures I made in the same room in the same lighting conditions
have
that percentage of these settings simply percent sync that
I do not want to be that now
I have another picture here
the percent
has been made with the same attitude
and percent now i want to show
the settings
Hero dense in this picture debts have made on the second picture easy
can take over that I could not do any more pictures if
I have many citizens in this room
I've shot over these with the same settings
Sync function very nice take over the settings
so quiet source more on that within the edited pictures
and hold the big city button pressed shift button and click the last picture
in the series
to which I like and customer like her
and I have pumped her in the develop motul now
synchronize
Here is everything
11 percent except for local adjustments Sculptures area
I do not want to do that
all other settings have been taken with picture
Clarity changes sharpness squad to us group brightness contrast
showy
the women
MT the vignetting the birch avenue now from that the picture at all
taken over other pictures
and now here from the protest Klika
you move here
if I admit Ammon picture change
I'll take it here
Rousseau theme
and so it is adjusted now that means i can set the default for too
many take on role models Kandern
Step by step
every single picture percent in every single picture the free the fine tuning
do